moved the aria-live example in page (#37520)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/core/accessibility/wai-aria_basics/index.md

  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <th scope="row">Prerequisites:</th>

>       <td>
>         A basic understanding of HTML, CSS, and
>         JavaScript. An understanding of the
>         <a href="/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/Accessibility"
>           >previous articles in the course</a
>         >.
>       </td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Familiarity with <a href="/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/Structuring_content">HTML</a>, <a href="/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/Styling_basics">CSS</a>, and accessibility best practices as taught in previous lessons in the module.</a>.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>

>       <th scope="row">Objective:</th>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <th scope="row">Learning outcomes:</th>
```

However, we could do better here. The search form is a really important landmark that people will want to find, but it is not listed in the landmarks menu or treated like a notable landmark beyond the actual input being called out as a search input (`<input type="search">`).

> Let's improve it by the use of some ARIA features.

Reviewer 2: beyond scope of PR, this section / example should be rethought.  per my other comments, there's actually very little that was improved here - since aside from the `search` role, all other roles added were redundant.  

it is also sending a confusing message, because the header, footer and man elements did not have roles added to them - so is this trying to imply that the elements that had the roles added somehow lacked support?  or were the redundant roles not added to these elements because they were forgotten?

Author: This is now updated inline with the changes I have made

```html live-sample___aria-website-roles
<header>
  <h1>Header</h1>

  <!-- Even is it's not mandatory, it's common practice to put the main navigation menu within the main header -->

>   <nav role="navigation">

Author: I have removed this and updated the relevant text

    <ul>
      <li><a href="#">Home</a></li>
      <li><a href="#">Our team</a></li>
      <li><a href="#">Projects</a></li>
      <li><a href="#">Contact</a></li>
    </ul>

    <!-- A Search form is another common non-linear way to navigate through a website. -->

>     <form role="search">

Reviewer 2: beyond scope of PR, but this would be a good area to call out that the `<search>` element could be used to get an implicit `role=search` landmark.

      <input
        type="search"
        name="q"
        placeholder="Search query"
        aria-label="Search through site content" />
      <input type="submit" value="Go!" />
    </form>
  </nav>
</header>

<!-- Here is our page's main content -->
<main>
  <!-- It contains an article -->

>   <article role="article">

Reviewer 2: beyond scope of PR, there's no reason to use an article role here

Author: I have removed this and updated the relevant text

    <h2>Article heading</h2>

    <p>
      Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit. Donec a diam
      lectus. Set sit amet ipsum mauris. Maecenas congue ligula as quam viverra
      nec consectetur ant hendrerit. Donec et mollis dolor. Praesent et diam
      eget libero egestas mattis sit amet vitae augue. Nam tincidunt congue
      enim, ut porta lorem lacinia consectetur.
    </p>

    <h3>subsection</h3>

    <p>
      Donec ut librero sed accu vehicula ultricies a non tortor. Lorem ipsum
      dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit. Aenean ut gravida lorem. Ut
      turpis felis, pulvinar a semper sed, adipiscing id dolor.
    </p>

    <p>
      Pelientesque auctor nisi id magna consequat sagittis. Curabitur dapibus,
      enim sit amet elit pharetra tincidunt feugiat nist imperdiet. Ut convallis
      libero in urna ultrices accumsan. Donec sed odio eros.
    </p>
  </article>

  <!-- the aside content can also be nested within the main content -->

>   <aside role="complementary">

Reviewer 2: beyond scope of PR, but there's no reason to use a complementary role here

Author: I have removed this and updated the relevant text

This example as-is works fine in terms of keyboard accessibility — you can happily tab between the different tabs and select them to show the tab contents. It is also fairly accessible too — you can scroll through the content and use the headings to navigate, even if you can't see what is happening on screen. It is however not that obvious what the content is — a screen reader currently reports the content as a list of links, and some content with three headings. It doesn't give you any idea of what the relationship is between the content. Giving the user more clues as to the structure of the content is always good.

To improve things, we've created a new version of the example.

```html live-sample___aria-tabbed-info-box
<section class="info-box">
  <ul role="tablist">
    <li
      class="active"
      role="tab"
      aria-selected="true"
      aria-setsize="3"
      aria-posinset="1"
      tabindex="0">
      Tab 1
    </li>
    <li
      role="tab"
      aria-selected="false"
      aria-setsize="3"
      aria-posinset="2"
      tabindex="0">
      Tab 2
    </li>
    <li
      role="tab"
      aria-selected="false"
      aria-setsize="3"
      aria-posinset="3"

>       tabindex="0">

Reviewer 2: if using the [demo](https://mdn.github.io/learning-area/css/css-layout/practical-positioning-examples/tabbed-info-box.html) i linked to in my prior review comment instead, then none of this needs to be addressed since that version of the demo doesn't add the unnecessary ARIA / uses arrow keys to move between the tabs.

>       tabindex="0">

Author: @scottaohara would this be a better solution for this example?
https://codepen.io/CodeRedDigital/pen/azoEKeo?editors=1010

>       tabindex="0">

Author: I have updated this example as suggested.

      Tab 3
    </li>
  </ul>
  <div class="panels">

>     <article class="active-panel" role="tabpanel" aria-hidden="false">

Reviewer 2: beyond the scope of this PR, but this is a bad practice that happens to be "fine" for this basic example - using aria-hidden=true in this way.

often tab widgets will have other links/focusable elements within them, and if that were the case here, then people could still keyboard tab to those items even when aria-hidden=true is set for the non-active panels.  it'd be far more practical / a better example for people to follow if the non-active panels were display none and the active panel display block - negating the need for aria-hidden and allowing one to get rid of the position absolute CSS, which would also likely not be something anyone should do for content like this...

Reviewer 2: looking at the demo in the callback instance of this demo, in the 'hiding things' section of the css+js a11y article, the tab widget demo linked there doesn't behave the same - https://mdn.github.io/learning-area/css/css-layout/practical-positioning-examples/tabbed-info-box.html

it uses display none and uses arrow keys to  navigate between the tabs.  

it needlessly uses position absolute... but otherwise the demo is far better than what's being used here. pull https://mdn.github.io/learning-area/css/css-layout/practical-positioning-examples/tabbed-info-box.html over here instead of this one

Reviewer 2: related https://github.com/mdn/content/issues/37524

Author: I have updated this example as suggested.

Let's go through an example of our own. We'll return to our simple absolutely-positioned tabbed interface (see [Hiding things](/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/Accessibility/CSS_and_JavaScript#hiding_things) in our CSS and JavaScript accessibility article), which you can find at [Tabbed info box example](/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Core/CSS_layout/Practical_positioning_examples#a_tabbed_info-box).

<!-- This example as-is works fine in terms of keyboard accessibility — you can happily tab between the different tabs and select them to show the tab contents. It is also fairly accessible too — you can scroll through the content and use the headings to navigate, even if you can't see what is happening on screen. It is however not that obvious what the content is — a screen reader currently reports the content as a list of links, and some content with three headings. It doesn't give you any idea of what the relationship is between the content. Giving the user more clues as to the structure of the content is always good. -->

> <!-- To improve things, we've created a new version of the example. -->

Author: Yes we should, it was commented out so that I could refer back to them.

> <!-- To improve things, we've created a new version of the example. -->

Author: Done

```html live-sample___aria-tabbed-info-box
<section class="info-box">
  <div role="tablist" class="manual">
    <button
      id="tab-1"
      type="button"
      role="tab"
      aria-selected="true"
      aria-controls="tabpanel-1">
      <span>Tab 1</span>
    </button>
    <button
      id="tab-2"
      type="button"
      role="tab"
      aria-selected="false"
      aria-controls="tabpanel-2"
      tabindex="-1">
      <span>Tab 2</span>
    </button>
    <button
      id="tab-3"
      type="button"
      role="tab"
      aria-selected="false"
      aria-controls="tabpanel-3"
      tabindex="-1">
      <span>Tab 3</span>
    </button>
  </div>
  <div class="panels">
    <article id="tabpanel-1" role="tabpanel" aria-labelledby="tab-1">
      <h2>The first tab</h2>
      <p>

>         Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Pellentesque

Reviewer: I would also consider changing "Lorem ipsum…" to "Paragraph one" etc. It's not really adding very much, what do you think?

Author: Done
